 <p>AquaFX is an open source project for JavaFX, which creates a native JavaFX skin for Mac OS X.
    It styles the controls of JavaFX to an appearance of the Mac OS X look and feel named Aqua.
    To achieve this, the built in ability of JavaFX for skinning and applying CSS defninitions is used.
</p> 
            
<h3>General purpose</h3>
<p>AquaFX gives developers an easy-to-use possibilty to change the whole look of their application, 
    by including the AquaFX project and applying some additional lines of code.
    This helps to offer a JavaFX application, which does neither feel nor look foreign 
    to a Mac OS user.
    The recommended OS for applications, styled with AqauFX, is Mac OS X Mountain Lion. All controlsare styled with this OS-Version as guideline. 
    Yet, it can be used on any OS which supports JavaFX, because AquaFX 
    is OS independent, with exclusion of some special modifications.
</p>
<br/>
<h2>Quickstart</h2>
<p>
    You can easily style your complete JavaFX application by just calling
<pre>AquaFx.style();</pre>
    with import of
<pre>import com.aquafx_project.AquaFx;</pre>
    This will set the CSS Styles for all controls that are supported by AquaFX. Once this is done your application should look like a native one.
</p> 
<br/>

<h2>Using AquaFX</h2>

<h3>Requirements & Restrictions</h3>
<h4>OS</h4>
<p>AquaFX is highly recommended for Mac OS X.</p>
<p>Although JavaFX is OS independent, there are special appearences, which cannot be achieved on other systems, like 
    getting a JavaFX MenuBar in the MenuBar of Mac OS X an a Windows System</p>
<p>All cases, which do have such restriction will be highlighted with a warning.</p>

<br/>
<h4>Supported platforms</h4>
<p>
    AquaFX works with JDK&trade; 8 Early Access Releases.<br/>
    Minimum version is Build b92, latest tested and working verison is Build b94, which is recommended to use.
</p>
<p>
    Due to copyright restrictions and technical constraints, AquaFX can be run on non-Mac OS X systems for development purposes only.
</p>

<br/>
<h4>License terms</h4>
<p>AquaFX is free for commercial and non-commercial use.</p>
<p>Use of the Aqua user interface is only licensed for Apple hardware running an Apple operating system. <br/>
    The Aqua user interface generated by the AquaFX Skin is copyright by Apple Inc. Aqua is a trademark of Apple Inc.</p>

<p>With exception of the Aqua artwork in the code (images and other graphical elements which reproduce Aqua), 
    Aqua is licensed under the 3-Clause BSD license. We are not lawyers, but our interpretation of this 
    license suggests to us that it is business friendly, requiring only the redistribution of the 3-clause 
    BSD license we distribute with AquaFX. As always, I suggest you review the license with the appropriate 
    people, rather than take the advice of software engineers. If this license is not suitable, please contact 
    <a href="mailto:claudine.zillmann@gmail.com">Claudine Zillmann</a> to discuss an alternative license.
</p>

<br/>

<h3>Including AquaFX in your project</h3>

<h4>Download JAR</h4>
<p>
    You can download the JARS on the <a href="http://www.aquafx-project.com/downloads.html">AquaFX project site</a>.
</p>
<br/>
<h4>Maven</h4>
<p>AquaFX will be deployed to Maven Central soon. </p>

<br/>

<h3>Style your application</h3>
<p>You can easily style your complete application by just calling</p>
<pre>AquaFx.style();</pre>
<p>This will set the CSS Styles for all controls that are supported by AquaFX. Once 
this is done your application should look like a native one.</p>
<p>Further modifications, like changing the size or using special variants of controls, which are 
provided for a more native look are described in section 
<a href="http://www.aquafx-project.com/documentation.html#controlvariations">"Control Variations"</a> of the
<a href="http://www.aquafx-project.com">AquaFX project site</a>.
